Introduce chapter about the integration of VueJS in an existing module (#927)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/concepts/templating/vuejs/faq.md

---

> title: FAQ about VueJS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: FAQ about Vue.js
```

menuTitle: FAQ
weight: 2
---

> ### How to send data from PHP to VueJS?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to send data from PHP to Vue.js?
```

Use the method `Media::addJsDef([])` to make your data available in the window context.
If other modules can be present on the same, prefix your names with the module name to avoid name collision.

> This is a convenient way to send the links VueJS could call, generated by the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a convenient way to send the links Vue.js could call, generated by the router.
```

Example:

```php
    Media::addJsDef([
        'myVueJsModuleRouteToSomeAction' => $this->context->link->getAdminLink(
            'AdminAjaxMyVueJsModule',
            true,
            [],
            [
                'action' => 'RouteToSomeAction',
                'ajax' => 1,
            ]
        ),
    ]);
```

> ### How to run several VueJS applications on the same page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to run several Vue.js applications on the same page
```

The only thing to consider is the div ID you want to hook your application on.

> By default, Vue.js creates your application with a `<div id="app"></div>`. To avoid it colliding with other applications or modules, replace the references to this ID in the template and the JS development files with something more specific.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Vue.js creates your application with a `<div id="app"></div>`. To avoid it colliding with other applications or modules, replace references to this ID in the template and JS development files with something more specific.
```

Author: Here you go
